                                               PROBLEM STATEMENT

              With over 75 years of Independence, the condition of Indian Farmers has still not improved.
              Despite implementing plans for increasing farmers income, the government is unable to provide
              the benefits to farmers as middlemen take away a major chunk of profits.

              The middlemen pay less for the crop value on the pretext of quality factors.
              Middlemen make an astonishing 100%-200% margins on farmers produce.
              Even after numerous government programmes, more than 10,600 farmers committed suicide in 2020
              as they couldn’t payback their loans.

              While the whole country has a mean income of Rs.1,72,000(P.A) ,
              the income of farmers vary statewise from 68,000 to 72,000 Annually.
              Half of country's farmers are still unaware of the varied types of crop they can grow in their region and
             keep growing same crops which in the long run makes the soil less fertile and is a less profitable practise.

             A big reason why farmers choose middlemen is a lack of route to larger markets and the fear of
             deterioration of crop makes them sell it at a much lower rate.

                                                          SOLUTION

             Since almost everyone through out the country now has access to smart phones and internet ,
             we can make use of this asset.We plan of building a website which focuses on helping farmers
             make more money ,work more efficently ,yield more ,prevent any future mishaps by providing
             the right information about crops grown by them ,the weather conditions and any doubts
             that they have.

             The farmers can directly be connected to the consumer businesses which pay upto 200 percent
             more for the same quantity compared to the middle men,thus ending the long chain of middlemen.
             Our website will be having 24x7 helpline which is powered by AI ,solving any doubts that the
            farmer may have. Basically a farmer’s cooperative will be established .